README.md, before:

// A Banner or Logo

![Screenshot](./image/screenshot2.png)

Overview
=======

Zenith is a tiling window manager written in zig for extensibility and modification, in case you would like to write your own window manager with some niche features.

The reason the project is laid out as it is, is because most window managers I have came across serve their window manager in some 5 thousand line source file, which there is nothing wrong with, just making a small modification is quite difficult. Especially if it is a really minor change like being able to move around windows in firefox.
Hopefully this window manager is different.

A lot of inspiration for this window manager came from DWM and Ragnar so check it out!


Features
========

Ability to define a number of workspaces in the `config.zig`, and dynamically create more using the predefined keybind (or one you change it to) without having to re-compile in case you need more real estate

Optional integration with picom, though support for picom is ongoing as to become compliant with EWMH and ICCM

3 Color hovering, focused and unfocused system

Getting Started
===============

Prerequisites
-------------

`0.13.0` Zig compiler

Dependencies:
```
glibc
imlib2
x11
xinerama
xft
```

Building
--------

```
git clone https://github.com/isaac-westaway/Zenith

cd zenith

make all
```

Installation
------------

Your `~/.xinitrc` should look as follow:

```
exec Zenith
```

Configuration
-------------

Configuration is documented in `config.zig`

Keybinds
--------

| To be Documented | Keybind |
| ---------------- | ------- |
| Open Terminal    | Mod4 + Enter |

Todo
====

Bug fixes & Updates
-------------------
- Continue EMWH & ICCM spec integration
- More todos specified in `Layout.zig` and `config.zig`
- Installation Script
- XSession config file

Currently supported atoms
-------------------------

- `_NET_NUMBER_OF_DESKTOPS`
- `_NET_CURRENT_DESKTOP`
- `_NET_CLIENT_LIST`
- `_NET_ACTIVE_WINDOW`

Contributing
============

All contributions are welcome! If you would like to contribute to this project, fork the repo, clone it, new branch, and pull request.

License
=======

This project is licensed under the MIT License

Commit message:

Window manager opacity is now correct, EWMH support is pretty good, todo: README: keybind documentation and in config

README.md, after:

// A Banner or Logo

![Screenshot](./image/screenshot2.png)

Overview
=======

Zenith is a tiling window manager written in zig for extensibility and modification, in case you would like to write your own window manager with some niche features.

The reason the project is laid out as it is, is because most window managers I have came across serve their window manager in some 5 thousand line source file, which there is nothing wrong with, just making a small modification is quite difficult. Especially if it is a really minor change like being able to move around windows in firefox.
Hopefully this window manager is different.

A lot of inspiration for this window manager came from DWM and Ragnar so check it out!


Features
========

Ability to define a number of workspaces in the `config.zig`, and dynamically create more using the predefined keybind (or one you change it to) without having to re-compile in case you need more real estate

Optional integration with picom, though support for picom is ongoing as to become compliant with EWMH and ICCM

3 Color hovering, focused and unfocused system

Getting Started
===============

Prerequisites
-------------

`0.13.0` Zig compiler

Dependencies:
```
glibc
imlib2
x11
xinerama
xft
```

Building
--------

```
git clone https://github.com/isaac-westaway/Zenith

cd zenith

make all
```

Installation
------------

Your `~/.xinitrc` should look as follow:

```
exec Zenith
```

Configuration
-------------

Configuration is documented in `config.zig`

Keybinds
--------

| To be Documented | Keybind |
| ---------------- | ------- |
| Open Terminal    | Mod4 + Enter |

Todo
====

Bug fixes & Updates
-------------------
- More todos specified in `Layout.zig` and `config.zig`
- Installation Script
- XSession config file
- Multiple monitor support -> this is planned, I just don't have another screen to work with
- Wayland Support

Currently supported atoms
-------------------------

- `_NET_NUMBER_OF_DESKTOPS`
- `_NET_CURRENT_DESKTOP`
- `_NET_CLIENT_LIST`
- `_NET_ACTIVE_WINDOW`

Contributing
============

All contributions are welcome! If you would like to contribute to this project, fork the repo, clone it, new branch, and pull request.

License
=======

This project is licensed under the MIT License
